So, Saganash and Bruhl
are working together.
Of course, it all makes sense.
Our charming neighbor has
tried to get his hands
on our house for a long time. (scoffs)
What I don't understand is
what is in it for Saganash?
Daniel, what did he say exactly?
He said, um...
(imitating voice) We got the
parents out of the picture... no.
It's... it's all right, Daniel, really.
But what were his exact words?
"We got the parents out of the picture.
"Now, we just need to
take care of the kids
and the house will be ours."
Take care of us?
What's he gonna do? Boil us and eat us?
What's so crazy about that? I
think I'd be pretty tasty.
You definitely would, but
nobody's gonna eat us.
(Max) There's still one
thing that I don't get.
You know, say he does get rid
of use kids to whatever.
How do they get the house?
You know, they can't just,
like, move in here.
There must be laws or something, right?
That is a very good point, Max.
They must think they can
find a deed to the house.
Legally, whoever has the
deed owns the house.
But how would they get the deed?
I mean, don't you keep
it in a safe place?
Well, actually, I've
never seen the deed.
The house has been in the
family for generations.
There's never been any need.
You'd better tell the relatives.
The deed is centuries old.
If anyone knows anything
about it, it must be them.
We should go. We don't wanna be late.
Where are you guys going?
To the airport.
We're off to Indonesia,
to the Java Sea.
To find the Red Diamond?
That's right.
Thanks to your great work.
You kids are the best and the bravest.
Bye! Goodbye! We love you, bye-bye!
(kissing) Bye-bye.
♪♪
(beeping)
What's that? Ten minute warning.
We're meeting Gertrude
in exactly one hour.
It'll take 45 minutes to get there,
plus a five-minute buffer
in case of Metro delay.
What if the delay takes
more than five minutes?
You're right. Let's leave now.
(doorbell chimes) Who could that be?
We don't have time for this! (shrieks)
All right, Max, looking good. Thanks.
Let me guess, you played a video game,
and now you think you actually
know how to ride a skateboard.
Very close. But not really.
I'm going after Bruhl.
This is my disguise.
Bruhl is meeting with Saganash today.
And guess who's gonna be there too?
(whispers) This guy.
All right.
Whoa, ow!
Are they meeting at a clown show?
'Cause you'll blend right in.
(grunts)
Hey, I know what I'm doing, okay?
Undercover missions are my specialty.
They do take time, though, and
I'll be needing provisions.
Be careful!
I will! Bye!
Hey, Max, should you be
skating in the house?
You, uh, recognized me.
Must be your police training,
you're really good.
She's really great, I gotta go.
(nervous chuckle) ???
Why aren't you guys at school?
We're still on holiday.
Hey, Simone! (nervous chuckle)
Hi, Daniel! How's it going?
Excellent, couldn't be better.
How was your date with Tim?
Good.
Tim's a... Tim's an awesome guy.
I really like him.
We all do, right, right, Sal?
Yeah... Tim.
Love that Tim!
Okay...
I just had a great idea.
Why don't you come for dinner
and bring your boyfriend?
Boyfriend?
I don't know if I'd call Tim my...
I mean, we're seeing each other, but...
Oh, you two.
(chuckling) What do you say?
Sounds great. Thanks, Daniel.
My pleasure. See you at 7:00?
7:00 it is! Bye!
(door closes)
(sighs)
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Are you all right?
I'm working on it.
(Tess) Sal, let's go!
Yeah, coming!
Wait, where's everybody going?
Oh, Max is out chasing Bruhl,
and Tess and Sal are gonna see
Gertrude and the relatives.
I'm gonna go make some new friends.
What are you going to do?
I'm going for a run. Okay.
Didn't you just come back from a run?
I mean weight lifting.
What's up with him?
He's got a broken heart.
Aw...
I hope he doesn't overdo
it with his exercise.
He could get a hernia.
What's that?
An injury caused by overuse
of certain muscles.
They say it's very painful.
It's one of the reasons
I don't exercise
more than absolutely necessary.
Well, I hope Daniel doesn't
get a "hermine" too?
Guys, it's Daniel.
Yes, he's sad. But if I know Daniel,
he'll reinvent himself
and bounce right back, just
like all the other times.
Let's go. Okay.
♪♪
(tongue tick-tocking)
(whispers) Wow.
(door closes)
Right on time, Mr. Bruhl.
Hunter... Daniel Hunter.
(with accent) Hello,
I am Daniel Hunter.
You might think you
know me, but you don't.
I'm a whole new Dan...
New Daniel! Awesome to meet you!
(laughing)
(vocalizing, sobbing)
(bell tolls)
(Tess) So, this deed is a very
important document for us.
The deed to the Hunter house.
Yup. Whoever has the deed
can prove that they're
the owner of the house.
Erik said he's never seen it,
so we thought we would ask you guys.
Do you know anyplace where old
documents like that are kept?
No, I don't. But don't worry yet.
I've called the relatives
together to see what they know.
The relatives... don't like to share
their knowledge with outsiders.
But I believe they can be
persuaded to speak with you.
(phone buzzing)
Go for Max.
Hey, how is your plan going?
I am in pursuit
of the suspect.
What's your story?
All the relatives are here.
We're gonna ask them
if they know anything
about the deed.
Uh... Tess?
Or I should say, I'm gonna ask.
Sal's kind of freaked out by them.
(distant dog barking)
Oh, I gotta go. Stay in touch.
(whispers) Hey, Tess, I'm gonna go.
You got this, right?
So, how's everybody doing?
Listen... we know you
don't make it a habit
to talk or anything.
But this is a matter of life and death.
We love Erik and Kate, and
we're worried about them.
We really need your help.
(door closes)
(Bruhl laughs)
(sighs)
(laughing)
That hot dog does look pretty good.
I mean, I wouldn't mind...
Max, come on, focus... focus.
Come to Daddy.
(phone vibrating)
(sighs)
Hi, honey, what's the matter?
Daddy, we're so hungry.
Can we please have some potato chips?
I understand, sweetheart,
but as a family, we...
we decided to give up on junk food.
You know, make healthy choices.
Why don't you have a piece
of fruit instead, huh?
But we're starving.
(laughing)
Listen, I gotta go, I'm in
the middle of a training.
I don't have time for this nonsense.
And no chips, that's final.
I know. Make healthy choices.
That's right. I will.
Bye. (doorbell rings)
(chuckles)
Hello?
Hi! What do you want?
I wanted to give you these.
Why would you want to give me flowers?
Because we live almost
next door to each other,
and we aren't friends, and
I think we should be.
Why should we be friends?
Why? 'Cause it's fun!
What kind of a tax liability
are we looking at?
Come on, dude.
Do something illegal already.
Yeah, I know.
This is the dullest stakeout ever.
But our projections for next quarter
are way below the
analyst's estimates are.
Yes, I think taking a write-off
wouldn't be prudent.
(pigeon cooing)
Whoa, your living room is awesome!
What's she doing here?
She wants to be friends. Why?
Seriously, what's with you guys?
Think of all the fun stuff we could do
instead of just ignoring each other.
Where are the potato chips?
We're not allowed to have them.
Daddy says we've gotta eat healthy.
Oh, that's a shame, 'cause...
I brought you these.
Enjoy.
(tires screeching on video game)
Um, I'm gonna go put the flowers
in some water, okay?
(engines revving on video game)
(door creaking)
We have something for you.
This is a remnant of a letter
from the 17th century.
Maybe it will help with your search.
(camera shutter clicking)
All that effort for time
a little piece of paper.
What were those words again?
"Arma optimum defensione est.
Clamabo, et ocula mei
conspecturi sunt pura."
What language is that even in?
Definitely Latin.
But I have no idea what it means.
Don't you have a Latin-English
translation app?
Doesn't everybody?
(bell dinging)
♪♪
Wha!
(boy) Kinda move to the right.
Keep going.
(girl) I'm trying, it's not working.
Do your best, okay?
Faster.
We're winning.
(camera shutter clicking)
(shutter clicking)
Oh, no.
Hey! Hey.
(scoffs) Oh, man!
Dude, you're a menace.
Yeah, sorry, bro. You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. What
are you doing here?
Chasing after the dude with the hood.
You didn't see him? He came right here!
You mean Saganash?
No, his henchman. They
call him Hoodie Head.
That's Saganash.
What? No, it's not.
That's what Bruhl called him
when they met last night.
Somebody's confused.
Ah, I can't believe I lost him!
Are you going to a
funeral or something?
No, I... bought a new suit.
You like it?
Yeah. (chuckles)
Why'd you let Anika do your hair?
I didn't. Oh.
Blind man? (chuckles)
Knock it off. I'm sorry.
Blind man with a lawnmower?
Dude!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you better run!
(shutter clicking)
(engines revving on video game)
(boy) You're making me lose.
(Bruhl) Daddy's home!
I said, Daddy's home!
(girl) Hi, Daddy.
I'm going to cook you
such a healthy meal.
I got zucchini, I got beets,
I got Brussel sprouts, I got asparagus.
(girl) Yay.
That's the spirit. We're going to eat
nothing but clean,
healthy, all-natural food.
It's gonna be a whole new us.
And the first step is to
get rid of all the junk.
♪♪
Hey, guys!
Why is everybody so sad when I've got
the world's biggest bag of chips?
Where'd you get those?
From the Bruhls.
The Bruhls gave you a bag of chips?
Well, no. I kinda took 'em.
But they're trying to quit eating them,
so I kind of did them a favor.
What happened to your hair?
Oh, lawnmower.
You reinvented yourself.
You like the new Daniel?
Oh, yeah, so much better
than the old Daniel.
Wait, what was wrong
with the old Daniel?
So, did anything happen
with the relatives?
Did you find out
anything about the deed?
Yep. You did?
"Arma optimum defensione est.
Clamabo, et ocula mei
conspecturi sunt pura."
"The armor is the best defense.
I will cry out, but my eyes are clear."
(pops mouth) I don't get it.
(scoffs) Neither do we,
and we spent the whole day
trying to figure it out.
What about your spy mission?
It was a semi-success.
I followed Bruhl and
Saganash's henchman.
You mean Saganash.
No. Yes.
We don't know who he followed.
Doesn't matter who he followed.
He got away.
So, which part of your
semi-successful mission
was successful?
I got a lot better at skateboarding.
Oh.
(sighs) Cheer up, you guys.
You know what they say...
every dark cloud has a silver lining.
Not this one. We got nothing.
Or do we?
Wait, that's my line.
I know, I like it.
What are you talking about, Anika?
Well... while you were chasing people
and wasting time with old folks...
and getting great haircuts...
I found out what Bruhl's up to.
What are you talking about, Anika?
Whoa, those are
architectural blueprints.
Mm-hmm, yeah.
(Sal) Look, that's our house!
How did you get these?
Easy, I just knocked on
the door and walked in.
I guess it pays to be friendly.
Not always, especially not when
we're talking about Bruhl.
(overlapping chatter, glass shattering)
Shh! Shh! Be nice to people, it works.
I swear it works. What are
you shushing at, bro?
I heard something. I think
someone's in the house.
I didn't hear anything.
Well, I have very sensitive ears.
Let's check it out.
Shh!
(door creaking)
Look.
I think something came
through the tunnels.
Oh, I knew we should have
barricaded that door.
The only one it could be is Saganash,
he's the only one that
knows about the tunnels.
Except his henchman. Hoodie Head!
That's Saganash!
Guys!
Not the time.
(rustling)
(all screaming)
Ha ha!
(all cheering)
Trapped like the rat he is.
What do we do now?
We should call the police.
You're right, but not just yet.
What are you gonna do?
I've got a few questions
I'd like answered.
Okay.
Sal, open the door.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org